chore: update Actions versions in docs and samples (#31585)
dotnet/docs: docs/devops/dotnet-test-github-action.md

  :::code language="yml" source="snippets/dotnet-test-github-action/build-and-test.yml" range="11-12":::

>   - The environment variable `DOTNET_VERSION` is assigned the value `'5.0.301'`. The environment variable is later referenced to specify the `dotnet-version` of the `actions/setup-dotnet@v3` GitHub Action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The environment variable `DOTNET_VERSION` is assigned the value `'6.0.401'`. The environment variable is later referenced to specify the `dotnet-version` of the `actions/setup-dotnet@v3` GitHub Action.
```
